puda, prostorPuda, zebrik2
prvniPatro, chodba2, schody3
prvniPatro, chodba2, zebrik1
prvniPatro, chodba2, pokoj1
prvniPatro, chodba2, pokoj2
prvniPatro, chodba2, pokoj3
prvniPatro, chodba2, pokoj4
prvniPatro, chodba2, koupelna
prizemi, chodba1, schody2
prizemi, chodba1, satna
prizemi, chodba1, obyvak
prizemi, chodba1, tajnaMistnost
prizemi, chodba1, kuchyn
prizemi, chodba1, jidelna
prizemi, jidelna, kuchyn
prizemi, kuchyn, spiz
prizemi, obyvak, tajnaMis
sklep, prostorSklepa, schody1
sklep, prostorSklepa, mrize1
sklep, prostorSklepa, mrize2
schody, schody1, schody2
schody, schody2, schody3
zebriky, zebrik1, zebrik2